Add notes on dev env to single package docs build (#608)
lsst-dm/dm_dev_guide: stack/building-single-package-docs.rst

Working from the tip of the ``main`` branch is the norm for LSST software development.

Finally, the documentation build uses Documenteer_ and related Sphinx_ documentation packages.
Documenteer_ is already installed if you are using the Rubin Conda developer environment.

> If running ``package-docs --help`` fails with ``command not found``, install the developer environment with: ``mamba install rubin-env-developer``.

Reviewer: Here's perhaps a more direct way of verifying that `rubin-env-developer` is installed:

```suggestion
You can check if ``rubin-env-developer`` is installed by running ``mamba list rubin-env``.
If not, you can install the developer environment with ``mamba install rubin-env-developer``.
```

> For more information about our Documenteer_ installation, wee `Documenteer installation documentation <https://documenteer.lsst.io/pipelines/install.html>`__.

Reviewer: Probably delete this paragraph since we're providing installation directions for rubin-env-developer above.
